Clarify that GPLv3+ module_utils need core team approval (#56740)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/dev_guide/shared_snippets/licensing.txt

   * Utilities (files in ``lib/ansible/module_utils/``) may have one of two licenses:
      * A ``module_util`` used **only** for a specific vendor's hardware, provider, or service may be licensed under GPLv3+.

>         Adding a new ``module_util`` with GPLv3+ needs to be approved by the core team.

Reviewer: Minor change to use the correct dir name.
```suggestion
        Adding a new file under ``module_utils`` with GPLv3+ needs to be approved by the core team.
```
